hey guys it's Darcy and welcome back to
my channel today I am going to be doing
a bikini try alcohol all of these
swimsuits today are from South Pole calm
and know this is not a sponsored video
but I'm going to be giving you guys my
100% honest opinion on all of the
swimsuits that I've got also when I was
shopping I tried to get like a variety
of different ones some have more
coverage than others so really there's a
bathing suit in here for everybody well
while you guys are here don't forget to
subscribe to my channel and if you like
this video give it a big thumbs up to
help me a lot all right that's what
started
so this first bikini here is the unica
bralette a song a bikini set and it
shows a lot of skin so if you're into
sharing a lot of skin at the beach or
the pool then this is for you
I really like the eunich top it's very
flattering I feel however I feel as if
it is a little small this is a size
small I think it is a little small for
me in particular since I am very
top-heavy I should have gotten a bigger
size but otherwise I absolutely love it
this next bikini is a super full
coverage I really like the bottom I love
high risk bottoms on bikinis
high-waisted bottoms on anything it
really I think they're super cute and
super flattering on everybody contrary
to the other bikini the top on this one
ran a little bit big for me I could have
done with a little bit of a smaller
tighter fit otherwise I thought it was
really great the top does have a padding
as well
I love the mismatched colors that makes
it really cute and unique I love this
next to kini for two reasons one is the
color is amazing and possibly stunning
and second I love that it is one strap
just of one shoulder I think that's
really unique and really cool and I
don't see that a lot with mini bikinis
this is definitely more of a fashion
bikini the material is not very water
friendly it doesn't feel like anyway but
it's still really really cute
[Music]
this next bikini is a little bit less
full coverage than the other ones so you
get a lot of coverage on top with the
ruffles I think I bought this one aside
that two small guys this is a small and
it is really showing off my love handles
there and yes I forgot to take the tag
off idem but it's still a really cute
swimsuit you can wear on the shoulder or
off of the shoulder and this final
bikini is definitely my favorite it is
the least coverage of them all but it is
so cute
it's a wrap tie crossover bikini so it
is a little bit of a maze to get on for
your body but it's super super adorable
and it's exactly my style this is
definitely becoming my new favorite
bikini
[Music]
and that is it for my little haul guys I
hope you enjoyed it if you did don't
forget to subscribe and give my video a
big thumbs up also leave a comment down
below on which swimsuit you would
actually wear and I'll see you guys in
the next video